doc: kconfig: Add some docs on 'if' and sanity checking in menuconfig (#14241)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/guides/kconfig/index.rst

  you like. They're a great tool for simplifying Kconfig files.

(Lack of) conditional includes
******************************

> ``if`` blocks add dependencies to each item within the ``if``, as if via

Reviewer: Minor thing: The "as if via" construct seems a bit difficult to read.
Maybe something like "as if depends on was used" would be a bit better?

Author: Yup, better. Changed.

on`` was used.

> A common misunderstanding related to ``if`` is to think that this code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A common misunderstanding related to ``if`` is to
think that the following code example
```

Author: Fixed

   conditions may contain (either directly or indirectly) forward references to
   symbols that haven't been defined yet.

Say that :file:`Kconfig.other` above contains this definition:

.. code-block:: none

   config FOO
   	bool "Support foo"

In this case, ``FOO`` will end up with this definition:

.. code-block:: none

   config FOO
   	bool "Support foo"
   	depends on DEP

Note that it is redundant to add ``depends on DEP`` to the definition of
``FOO`` in :file:`Kconfig.other`, because the ``DEP`` dependency has already
been added by ``if DEP``.

In general, try to avoid adding redundant dependencies. They can make the
structure of the Kconfig files harder to understand, and also make changes more
error-prone, since it can be hard to spot that the same dependency is added
twice.

Checking changes in ``menuconfig``
**********************************

When adding new symbols or making other changes to Kconfig files, it is a good
idea to look up the symbols in the :ref:`menuconfig <override_kernel_conf>`
interface afterwards. To get to a symbol quickly, use the menuconfig's jump-to
feature (press :kbd:`/`).

Here are some things to check:

> * Are the symbols placed in a good spot in the menu structure?

Reviewer 2: Can you explain what a "good spot" means?   Logical, alphabetized, ...?

Author: Clarified a bit and added some more details.

> * Is it easy to guess what the symbols do from their prompts?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Is it easy to understand what the symbols do from their prompts?
```
